>> Mike North: So regardless of which
of these categories someone fits into,
they kinda follow the same procedure here.
The first thing they do is reconnaissance.
They're gonna gather
information about your system.
They're gonna use that in order to
research known vulnerabilities.
So they might be able to
look at your system and
see that, this person is using
Express on their back end.
And they're using NGINX as a proxy server.
And looks like they're using
a new version of React.
They'll put that together and there
are databases of known vulnerabilities for
certain versions of software that you
can just basically look up and see.
There maybe some ready-made,
easy to execute attacks and
it’s basically like pushing a button.
You can run a shell script and it’ll
just pull an attack from a database and
try to execute it.
So, and I want you to also understand
that like the game over situation,
it may not necessarily look
like a game over situation.
Meaning sometimes getting
a foothold into a system is not,
it is not like I can open up a terminal
and start executing my own code.
It might just be that I can put
a file in a particular place.
And the point is,
you wanna be able to get some foothold and
then escalate from there.
Maybe it's just a cross-site scripting
error, but I can eventually hit an admin's
account and that will let me put
a file in a particular place and
that will allow me to install a root kit.
And at that point I have
full control of the system.
But it happens in increments.
And I want us to recognize
that the game over situation,
that was the cross-site scripting error.
That was the cross-site
scripting vulnerability.
You have to assume that
these can be exploited and
escalated to a point where
the consequences become way
more severe than like you can run code
in my browser as an authenticated user.
I understand that's not good,
but what's the big deal?
The big deal is that is used to stage
something else, to stage something else,
to stage something else, and
then you've lost everything.
So we need to understand that I
may not be able to, right now,
on your HTTPS connections to Frontend
Masters, interfere with what's going on.
But I could get you to go
to another website, right?
And then eventually get you to accept
a certificate that will then let me get in
between you and
who you think you're talking to.
So just lower the bar on
the game over situation.